---
navTitle: 'Content Module v2 Review'
title: 'Content Module Review'
description: 'Reviewing the content module v2 new features'
---

# [Content Module v2 Review]{class="text-gray-400"}

##  New Features :icon{name="codicon:checklist" class="text-indigo-400"}

Nuxt Content v2 has significantly added improvements over the previous version. One of the most important features added is the new **MDC** syntax; it takes the DX to the next level when building a website using Markdown and all the power of VueJS components on top of that markup language. By extending the Markdown syntax using VueJS, developers will be able to go beyond the current limitations and build fully customizable documentation pages and websites.

Using “[composables](https://vuejs.org/guide/reusability/composables.html#composables)” when fetching content is also a great addition. It is not only in compliance with the [new structure](https://v3.nuxtjs.org/guide/directory-structure/composables#composables-directory) that NuxtJS is adopting, but it will also help encapsulate and reuse the logic, leading to a more scalable and easy-to-maintain code.

## Developer Experience :icon{name="tabler:message-2-code" class="text-indigo-400"}

Getting started with the MDC syntax is very intuitive if you have a good understanding of Markdown's basic and extended syntax. Block and inline component syntax are also pretty straightforward. Being able to pass properties and apply attributes to VueJS components in such an easy way will definitely create a great experience for developers.

Navigation generation reduces the effort to create a navigation menu based on the current content structure and using “partials” is key when it comes to control whether you want the content to be displayed in content navigation.
